Add detail on potential threats to system (#1077)
huggingface/smolagents: docs/source/en/tutorials/secure_code_execution.mdx

By default, the `CodeAgent` runs LLM-generated code in your environment.

This is inherently risky, LLM-generated code could be harmful to your environment.

> Malicious code execution could happen in at least 3 ways.

Reviewer: Update this if we add a 4th item to the list:
```suggestion
Malicious code execution can occur in several ways:
```

> - **Plain LLM error:** LLMs are still quite dumb, and they might destroy your system by trying to help you. This risk is low, but in my thousands of agent runs I've observed a few attempts to run code that could have been harmful.

Reviewer: I would not personalize the sentence by using the 1st person "I've observed":
```suggestion
- **Plain LLM error:** LLMs are still far from perfect and may unintentionally generate harmful commands while attempting to be helpful. While this risk is low, instances have been observed where an LLM attempted to execute potentially dangerous code.  
```

> - **Supply chain attack** where you run a malicious LLM: then this LLM will generate code that actively tries to harm your system. This risk is extremely low when using well-known models on secure inference, but it could happen.

Reviewer: I would align the use of the bold formatting to be consistent with the other items in the list:
```suggestion
- **Supply chain attack:** Running an untrusted or compromised LLM could expose a system to harmful code generation. While this risk is extremely low when using well-known models on secure inference infrastructure, it remains a theoretical possibility.  
```

- **Prompt injection:** an agent browsing the web could arrive on a malicious website that contains harmful instructions, thus injecting an attack into the agent's memory

> 

Reviewer: What about adding the security issue we have faced until now?
```suggestion
- **Exploitation of publicly accessible agents:** Agents exposed to the public can be misused by malicious actors to execute harmful code. Attackers may craft adversarial inputs to exploit the agent's execution capabilities, leading to unintended consequences.
```

> Once malicious code can be executed, accidentally or intentionally, it can harm your file system, abuse resources, be it local resources or API services, even compromise your network.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Once malicious code is executed, whether accidentally or intentionally, it can damage the file system, exploit local or cloud-based resources, abuse API services, and even compromise network security.
```
